# Meetings Notes

- Next meeting: 6th of Oct TBC time on discord
- 4th of Oct @6pm on zoom/discord

## Meeting - 4th of Oct
 
### Meeting agenda

- What tools we want to use?
- What progress we want to make until the end of the project?
- What we still need to do?
- What are our next steps?
- When is our next meeting?

#### Notes from meeting
- Decided that we will go with Java Swing
- Want to complete level 1
- Need to look over and familiarizing ourselves with Domain folder and classes
- Went over how the classes in Domain link together in terms of the tiles and corrdinateEntity
- Will work on what was discussed in today's meeting
- Was able to run program and display panel

## Meeting - 6th of Oct

### Meeting agenda
- Discuss the next steps
- Report progress to the team
- Get background music
- Clear up any concerns


#### Notes from meeting


